What scares you about mondays?
That i'll have to face my manager and he'll say "hey what the fuck, you have no progress in your project "
That i wont be able to work while at workplace, which happens to me a lot
I find myself sitting there unable to work, and just wanting to go home and rest but cant
1. The fear of taking too long to complete a task or unable to complete it, especially when tasks are long and ardous in my mind
Ironic how anxiety about taking too long to complete a task can actually completely prevent us from completing it.
But I completely understand that feeling.
well my work is building new things related to software and stuff
i do like building new things, sometimes, but i like it when i go slow and creatively and iteratively
Cant do so t work
I understand. So you enjoy it more when it's at your own pace and you have a bit more freedom.
Yes. Then I feel some accomplishment after each iteration
What about the tasks frustrate you?
The size and monstrosity of them
or the fact that I am not even able to start working on it makes it worse each day
Yes, I imagine that would be a bit daunting to have to start a project that seems very long and arduous.
Why do you have trouble starting them? For that same reason?
I guess I do have some amount of anxiety related procrastination
i am guessing what hapens is I keep thinking of a task, it keeps becoming bigger in my head until i cant just even think of it
1:22 PM
leave alone working on it
1:22 PM
i guess i am trying to prevent the anxiety that'll happen if i somehow start working on that task?! I dont know
1:23 PM
Also I feel I lack some basic sophistication and class. Other guys at work start a task, try to figure stuff out, ask others if they face difficulties, finally they accomplish it and learn few things alongwith. Thats not how i go about it
And I understand. You postpone it because it seems like a daunting amount of work or you like to work according to your own time, but then you realize you actually have expectations to get the work done in a specific time frame, and then you rush yourself, and then your mind creates all these hypothetical scenarios of what could go wrong if you don't complete the task on time or if at all, and you start worrying about what others think of you and your work, and you start comparing yourself to them, and you start wondering why they can all complete the tasks in such a sophisticated manner but you can't, and then you judge yourself and your own work ability, and everything just spirals.
Like I 1. try to do something quick and if it doesnt happen ill start to panic and after some short duration of panic, i'll like feel numb and somehow worry-free a bit too much all of a sudden